docs: rename managed to cloud (#6689)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/enterprise.md

- Production use if you have a valid enterprise contract or valid permit from VictoriaMetrics company.
  Please contact us via [this page](https://victoriametrics.com/products/enterprise/) if you are intereseted in such a contract.

> - [VictoriaMetrics Cloud](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics-cloud/) is built on top of VictoriaMetrics Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [VictoriaMetrics Cloud](./victoriametrics-cloud/README.md) is built on top of VictoriaMetrics Enterprise.
```

Author: done
